chore: add docs for roles and permissions feature (#1474)
momentohq/public-dev-docs: docs/account-sharing/index.mdx

  - resources
  - members
  - accounts
  - operator
  - owner
  - viewer
  - role
  - access
  - permissions
---

# What is Account Sharing?
Momento's account sharing feature enables you to collaborate and manage access to your resources with ease. By sharing your account, you can grant other users access to your topics, caches, and other resources. You can also control the level of access each user has by assigning them roles.

## Using Roles to Control Access

> The resources an account owner may share include **account** resources (ex: account membership management and role assignment, billing and payment), **auth** resources (ex: generating API keys and access tokens), and **data** resources (ex: creating/deleting caches, manipulating cache data, publishing and subscribing to topics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resources an account owner may share include **account** resources (e.g. account membership management and role assignment, billing and payment), **auth** resources (e.g. generating API keys and access tokens), and **data** resources (e.g. creating/deleting caches, manipulating cache data, publishing and subscribing to topics).
```

This is the most pedantic I'll ever be in a review comment.

Author: That's funny. That's how I had it in the first place, and I thought it looked a little too exotic so I changed it. I'll change it back since we both had the same initial impulse.

        <img src="/img/account-sharing/invite-user-modal.png" width="60%"/>

### **View and Revoke Pending Account Invitations**
    - Log in to the [Momento Console](https://console.gomomento.com).
    - In the upper-right corner, click on your account info dropdown and select **Manage Account**.

        <img src="/img/account-sharing/manage-account.png" width="60%"/>
    - Click on the **Pending Invitations** tab to view all outstanding user invitations. You can use the **Revoke** button to cancel a pending invitation.

        <img src="/img/account-sharing/pending-account-invitations.png" width="60%"/>

### **Change a User's Role**
    - Log in to the [Momento Console](https://console.gomomento.com).
    - In the upper-right corner, click on your account info dropdown and select **Manage Account**.

        <img src="/img/account-sharing/manage-account.png" width="60%"/>
    - On the **Account Members** tab, find the user you want to change the role for and click on the edit icon next to their role.

        <img src="/img/account-sharing/change-role-edit-button.png" width="60%"/>
    - Select the new role you want to assign to the user and click **Save**.

>         <img src="/img/account-sharing/role-change-menu.png" width="60%"/>

Reviewer: These images are small enough that they are hard to read. Could you make them with a narrower window so they have less white space in them?

Author: Yes, good idea, thanks.
